beep beep beep good evening Dave
Hey look at all that paper Dave
um Anthony your printing efficiency can
be dramatically improved Dave it's Dave
think about how much money you're
throwing away your power your co2 how do
you know the three words Dave device
optimization and enhanced workflow
automation it's I know Fuji Xerox can
help you print less and print for less
so you can save paper time and money and
with enhanced security you can choose
who sees your documents and even print
from mobile devices making your staff
more efficient and available for other
functions
I'm afraid I can't let you do that Dave
you forgot your pen Dave
we are my favorite Dave Dave now go away
talk to a human today about how Fuji
Xerox can help you print less and print
for less Dave